# 15DaysofUVM

Day1: UVM Hello_world.sv
https://edaplayground.com/x/BtLu

Code_2: printing variable without automation.sv
https://edaplayground.com/x/R7RM

Code3: set & get  Verbosity level.sv
https://edaplayground.com/x/8y9D

Code4: Set verbosity_level and ID.sv
https://edaplayground.com/x/JjEb

Code5: Set Verbosity and Id component.sv
https://edaplayground.com/x/nL2i

Code6: Set verbosity with Hierarachy.sv
https://edaplayground.com/x/q_js

Code7: UVM Recporting Macros.sv
https://edaplayground.com/x/ZUnt

Code8 UVM Severity Macros.sv
https://edaplayground.com/x/nSV9

Day7: UVM Config_db example.sv
https://edaplayground.com/x/8vzQ

Code9: Deriving class from UVM_Object.sv
https://edaplayground.com/x/hAAh

Code10: UVM Field macros int.sv
https://edaplayground.com/x/hgx6

Code11: UVM Field macros int Count.sv
https://edaplayground.com/x/S3Mu

Code12: Creating UVM_Component Class.sv
https://edaplayground.com/x/f48b

Code13 : Creating UVM Tree.sv
https://edaplayground.com/x/kzgr

Code14: UVM Confid_db Formate.sv
https://edaplayground.com/x/VLRC

Code15 UVM Config_db example.sv
https://edaplayground.com/x/8vzQ

Code16: UVM Construction_phase.sv
https://edaplayground.com/x/fpqq

Code17: UVM Build_phase in Multiple_Component.sv
https://edaplayground.com/x/dYuh

Code18: UVM Connect_phase Execution.sv
https://edaplayground.com/x/CmAP

Code19: UVM Raising_Objecton.sv
https://edaplayground.com/x/W45j

Code:20 Time_Consuming_phase in Single_componet.sv
https://edaplayground.com/x/uimx















